BookA-Pset_GeoObsMappedUnit (#587)
bSI-InfraRoom/IFC-Specification: IFC4x3/Properties/q/QValue_2AP24nbKP3hfI8vdx$uG8T/Documentation.md

> "A description of the rock mass stability of an underground opening in jointed rock masses based on Q-system which was originaly developed at NGI. 2015 - Handbook on the Q-System - NGI".

Author: ```suggestion
A description of the rock mass stability of an underground opening in jointed rock masses.
>NOTE Definition from Barton, N.R.; Lien, R.; Lunde, J. (1974). Engineering classification of rock masses for the design of tunnel support. Rock Mechanics and Rock Engineering.
```
